Archie friends that you will be able to install.
Example where you can install BHP and the Apache server and also my own database and you can download
the application depending upon your operating system.
So I'm going to click here on a click here for other versions and choose your.
Operating system.
And I'm going to choose them for Mac.
And the vision is going to be 7.2.
So this one, I'm going to download this one.
Click on Download.
And once it's finished, you can now open the installer.
And the process is very, very simple and straightforward.
For all operating systems.
You can just click on a few next's and it will install them for you.
So if you are using Mac, then you can follow along.
If you are using another operating system, then the process is very, very similar and self-explanatory
and it might ask you for your PC or Mac password.
So you need to type it and it will open a wizard where you can just click on a few next and it will
install them for you.
So here, once here it opens this wizard.
Click on next and then make sure you check these two and click on next.
And then here it says that it will be installed them will be installed inside applications exam folder.
Click on next and you can check or uncheck this if you wish to learn more about the.
And then finally just click on next and it will start downloading.
Finally, once it's finished, you will find that ZAP has been installed in your applications.
So as you can see here, I have some and these are all of the files.
In order to use PHP Version seven, you need to head on over to your terminal and make sure that you
are using BHP version seven.
So here I'm going to type.
BHP.
And then version, hyphen, version or V.
And here it says 7.2.
And if it doesn't say here BHP 7.2, then you need to make sure that you add the do add them to your
path and in order to do so, adjust up in your bash profile.
And Inside Bash profile.
Make sure to add these two lines at the end of the file.
Path equals do slash applications, slash exam all capital letters and then slash zoom files, slash
mean and then colon and then dollar sign path and then export that path.
So these two lines are very important in case your Mac is using the free version other than 7.2.
So make sure you add these two lines in your got bash profile and then save.
Make sure that you save.
After that, click on Save.
And of course, you need to close the terminal and open a new terminal.
And make sure that you are now using BHP version.
Save it.